README.md, before:

# Advanced Tools (Unfam Territory)

2nd Year project by Saxion University in Enschede.

## Tool / Technology / Technique (TTT)

For this project, we have to choose a TTT from a selected group. For myself, I will work on the Artificial Intelligence part. For more context, I'm creating my own 2D Zelda-like game for myself and for the Personal Portfolio module. With this module, I want to achieve the creation of the artificial intelligence for my opponent. My goal is to have at least one opponent with good AI that responds to the player's actions.
To achieve this, the goal will be to have two opponents fighting each other and to compare their actions and decisions by using different parameters and random seeds to observe how their behavior evolves during combat.

## Project Overview

Since my Zelda game is a 2D project in Unity, I will develop this project under the same conditions.

### Technologies Used
- Unity (2D Project)
- C#

## Additional information

- Visit Github Wiki for more information and TTT Evaluation

Commit message:

[UPDATE] - Enemy Patrol State fix
Fix issue with patrol state not working before. Update README.md

README.md, after:

# Advanced Tools (Unfam Territory)

2nd Year project by Saxion University in Enschede.

## Tool / Technology / Technique (TTT)

For this project, we have to choose a TTT from a selected group. For myself, I will work on the Artificial Intelligence part. For more context, I'm creating my own 2D Zelda-like game for myself and for the Personal Portfolio module. With this module, I want to achieve the creation of the artificial intelligence for my opponent. My goal is to have at least one opponent with good AI that responds to the player's actions.
To achieve this, the goal will be to have two opponents fighting each other and to compare their actions and decisions by using different parameters and random seeds to observe how their behavior evolves during combat.

## Project Overview

Since my Zelda game is a 2D project in Unity, I will develop this project under the same conditions.

## Unity Scenes

- PatrolScene : Will just show the **Patrol State** of an enemy.
- More scene coming later ...

### Technologies Used
- Unity (2D Project)
- C#

## Additional information

- Visit Github Wiki for more information and TTT Evaluation
